-: Welcome back.
In this lecture,
we are going to register a domain in
Route 53.
So we are going to buy the domain cube on cloud.com.
So let's go to AWS management console,
and on the console home search for Route 53.
And in route 53, we'll go further
register domains.
And then we are going to register a domain.
And the domain name is going to be cube on
cloud.com.
Okay, so it took something else here.
Remove R here.
Yeah, check it, okay.
And we got it
cube on cloud.com.
So everything looks good.
K-u-b on cloud.com right?
So add to cart
and go down.
And if you see here, you can click on
continue.
And these are the personal information;
we can leave it,
and you can see privacy protection enabled
pharma domain enabled.
And then I'll click on continue.
And if I go here,
do you want to automatically renew your domain?
Yes, I want to renew it.
And terms and conditions, I'm going to accept it
and then click on complete the
order.
So our order got submitted successfully.
It might take close to three days to complete it usually,
but once we verify our payment,
usually it might be faster
in a day or even
lesser than that.
So we'll go to
domains,
And my other domain is in action
required for verified payment.
I will leave it
once this also comes into that same status.
We will
verify for this one.
Okay, cube on cloud dot.
So I got the action required for Q1
cloud.
So I'll go there
at the end
and then I'll do the
verify payment for the latest one.
Okay, 2199,
I'll go there.
So one I accidentally sent it,
so I really don't want to pay
for the other one.
So,
now if you see 4 8 3 3 0 2 6 0 1 and then 2877.
So 2877 is the latest.
I'm going to say verify and then
pay, right?
So I'm going to pay now.
So let's wait for the payment to
happen.
Okay, I provided the OTP
and this should be done now.
So we have completed the payments
if we go for bills, orders and then invoices.
So one should be like that only
and then one should be already
paid, okay.
So let's wait for some time,
or go to registered domains here and then pending requests.
Okay, so it'll take an hour
to update the status.
So let's wait for an hour to see what happens.
So once we create, once we have completed the verify
and pay, so we can see that for Cube on Cloud,
we can see domain illustration is in
progress.
So let's wait for everything to be completed
now.
So within an hour I have seen that my request has been moved
from
pending request to
register domains.
So hardly within less than two hours
entire process will be
completed for us further
register a domain
and only one thing is
we need to verify our payment
thoroughly.
That's about it.
So now I have the Cube on Cloud dot domain available
for me,
cube on cloud.com,
And then it's a restrain is verified
and we can see all the details about it.
If you want to extend this domain
for another nine to 10 years, if you want
you can do that now.
Okay. And auto renew is anyway enabled
so every year it'll automatically get auto renewed.
So now one important thing here is if you click
on managed DNS, it'll take us to the hosted zone.
So the
public hosted zone
for cube on cloud.com is already
by default created. Okay.
So now here we will be able to DNS register our
domains.
Okay, so whatever the sub domains we want to
register are whatever the main domains we want to register
we can create a
record set here,
and then say that users dot cube
on cloud.com and then
provide the IP address
or the ALB DNS name,
E L B D N S name
all these things here to DNS register it.
Okay, so this is about
the resisted domain section
which is nothing but our step two
resist a domain in Route 53.
In our next lecture, we'll focus
on creating a SSL certificate
in certificate manager.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.